Update README.md (#30)
melange-re/melange-opam-template: README.md

    no matching version
```

> Which means `opam` doesn't have the latest packages definitions from the opam-repository. To address this, first run `opam update`, then rerun `make init`.

Reviewer: I'm also not sure how much this conflict message is up-to-date now that we've release 2.0 too...

```suggestion
It means `opam` doesn't have the latest packages definitions from the opam-repository. To address this, first run `opam update`, then rerun `make init`.
```

## Commands

> It's common to use a Makefile in opam/dune projects to expose a simpler interface to interact with those tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In opam / dune projects, our personal preference is to group commonly used commands in a Makefile. This is completely optional.
```
